in the heart of Tel Aviv an
unprecedented attack the aerial strike
leading to a major explosion near the US
Embassy branch office at the site crowds
gathered and residents were clearly
rattled Yemen's huthis were quick to
claim
responsibility the operation was carried
out using a new drone aircraft named
yafa capable of bypassing the enemy's
air defense systems and undetectable by
Radars the operation successfully
achieved its objectives shortly after
the attack Israeli officials suggested
human error was behind the failure of
systems to trigger alarms or Sirens
later the military spokesperson offered
more
details after an initial investigation
that we carried out and from the
findings at the scene and on the
military systems it appears that it's an
unmanned aircraft of the Samad 3 Model
our estimation is that it arrived from
Yemen to T Aviv Sam 3 is an Iranian
weapon that has apparently undergone an
upgrade to extend the range of the
flight throughout Israel's war on Gaza
and in support of their Ally Hamas the
huis have targeted Israeli linked ships
in the Red Sea and the Gulf of
Adan they've also repeatedly launched
drones and missiles towards Israel until
Friday however these had all been
intercepted with Tel Aviv on high alert
the Israeli military says it's upgrading
it air defenses and increasing aerial
patrols Muhammad jamj Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer